---
title: Happy New Year
pubDate: 2022-01-03
description: "Happy New Year folks!"
old_news: true
author: "oscie"
authImage: "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/66192059"
authDesc: "he/him | 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 | 15 | Lad from ol' Brittania who loves coding and everything Splatoon related. May or may not own one too many squid plushies..."
authTitle: "Developer"
---

Happy New Year folks! How has your year gone so far? I hope its been great. Today, I will be giving updates on the service, alongside things based around the community, such as things that will possibly be coming to WiiLink in 2022! (Content from here onwards is provided by Sketch.)

### Contribution

As of now, contributing to the project is a pretty daunting task. There are no database schemas on the Github repos to help new contributors get started. As such, in the next couple weeks I will be adding boilerplate code and database schemas to the Github repos which should hopefully allow for more contributors. Remember, this is an open source project. Everyone is allowed to help out if they can!

### Status of Channels

The last release of a channel was in May of last year! As I did postpone the release of v1025 (Shopping) final due to personal issues, some of you have been asking the ETA on that. I do not have a concrete release date yet, but hopefully it is in the next few months.

v770 (Theatre) is still in development! Most of its bugs have been worked out and all that is really left is purchasing and translations. Again, no ETA.

Digicam will be restored to its release state on January 5, 2022. If you have not created a custom Wii-themed card yet, you have 3 more days to do so.

Now for the the channel that everyone is probably asking about, the Demae Channel. Fake food ordering is pretty much 100% complete, with only 1 ppchalt in the entire channel from what has been observed. Translations are the final part for this channel. I cannot give an exact ETA on this, but I would like to slate release for mid/late Spring.

Real food on the other hand is tricky. Thanks to [Emma](https://invoxiplaygames.uk/), the Demae Channel now sends the MAC Address which will allow for real food ordering to be possible. Currently we have Domino's in the US/Canada and Deliveroo in parts of Europe. I do not expect a release date until the end of 2022 as I would like to take as much time on this as possible.

### Discord Aspect

The WiiLink team would like to hear from you on how we can make the server a better place! In the below Google Form, you can tell us what things you would like to see added to Discord server or WiiLink Bot. If you do not fancy a Google Form, suggestions-no-videos is always available. [Google Form Link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfKIN7AK2Ym9kHxxwfmkisj1s8YRgbKzXKkCHKr_SDnemGlcw/viewform?usp=sf_link).

### Conclusion

WiiLink's public services will always be free. The patreon tier allows only for early access to channels. Thank you so much for reading this, and thank you all for your constant support! Without you all, this wouldnt be possible, so lets hope 2022 is a great year!

&mdash; oscie
